Pasta is a type of food typically made from an unleavened dough of wheat flour mixed with water or eggs, and formed into sheets or other shapes, then cooked by boiling or baking. Rice flour, or legumes such as beans or lentils, are sometimes used in place of wheat flour to yield a different taste and texture, or as a gluten-free alternative. Pasta is a staple food of Italian cuisine.
Pastas are divided into two broad categories: dried (pasta secca) and fresh (pasta fresca). Most dried pasta is produced commercially via an extrusion process, although it can be produced at home. Fresh pasta is traditionally produced by hand, sometimes with the aid of simple machines. Fresh pastas available in grocery stores are produced commercially by large-scale machines.
Both dried and fresh pastas come in a number of shapes and varieties, with 310 specific forms known by over 1300 documented names. In Italy, the names of specific pasta shapes or types often vary by locale. For example, the pasta form cavatelli is known by 28 different names depending upon the town and region. Common forms of pasta include long and short shapes, tubes, flat shapes or sheets, miniature shapes for soup, those meant to be filled or stuffed, and specialty or decorative shapes.
As a category in Italian cuisine, both fresh and dried pastas are classically used in one of three kinds of prepared dishes: as pasta asciutta (or pastasciutta), cooked pasta is plated and served with a complementary sauce or condiment; a second classification of pasta dishes is pasta in brodo, in which the pasta is part of a soup-type dish. A third category is pasta al forno, in which the pasta is incorporated into a dish that is subsequently baked in the oven. Pasta dishes are generally simple, but individual dishes vary in preparation. Some pasta dishes are served as a small first course or for light lunches, such as pasta salads. Other dishes may be portioned larger and used for dinner. Pasta sauces similarly may vary in taste, color and texture.
In terms of nutrition, cooked plain pasta is 31% carbohydrates (mostly starch), 6% protein, and low in fat, with moderate amounts of manganese, but pasta generally has low micronutrient content. Pasta may be enriched or fortified, or made from whole grains.

Ramen is a Japanese noodle soup. It consists of Chinese-style wheat noodles served in a meat or (occasionally) fish-based broth, often flavored with soy sauce or miso, and uses toppings such as sliced pork, nori (dried seaweed), menma, and scallions. Nearly every region in Japan has its own variation of ramen, such as the tonkotsu (pork bone broth) ramen of Kyushu, and the miso ramen of Hokkaido. Mazemen is a ramen dish that is not served in a soup, but rather with a sauce (such as tare).

Linguine is a type of pasta similar to fettuccine and trenette but elliptical in section rather than flat. It is about 4 millimetres (5/32 in) in width, which is wider than spaghetti but not as wide as fettuccine. The name linguine means "little tongues" in Italian, where it is a plural of the feminine linguina. A thinner version of linguine is called linguettine. Linguine was traditionally served with sauces such as pesto but others such as tomato or fish based sauces are popular as well. Linguine is typically available in both white flour and whole-wheat versions but was originally made with durum wheat. Linguine originated in Italy and is based on more traditional pastas. In the United States, National Linguine Day occurs on September 15 every year.

Fettuccine is a type of pasta popular in Roman and Tuscan cuisine. It is descended from the extremely thin capelli d'angelo of the Renaissance but is a flat, thick pasta traditionally made of egg and flour (usually one egg for every 100 grams (3.5 oz) of flour). At about 0.25 inches (6.4 mm), it is wider and thicker than, but similar to, the tagliatelle typical of Bologna, which are more common elsewhere in Italy and often used as a synonym. Spinach fettuccine is made from spinach, flour, and eggs.
The terms fettucce and fettuccelle are often used as synonyms for this pasta, but the former term is more precisely used for wider (about 0.5 inches (13 mm)) and the latter for narrower (about 1/8 inch (3.2 mm)) forms of the same pasta.
Fettuccine is often classically eaten with sugo d'umido (beef ragù) or ragù di pollo (chicken ragù). Dishes made with fettuccine include fettuccine Alfredo, which – born in Rome as a homemade pasta dish topped with an emulsion of butter and grated cheese– evolved in the mid-20th century, achieving significant popularity in the U.S. and becoming a cornerstone of Italian-American cuisine. 
