Steaming Hot Noodles Get Sucked Up
Spaghetti Couldn't Resist His Best Friend Penne
Tiny Tagliattelle Gets Boiled Like a Little Capellini
Wet Noods
Thicc Noods
Send Noods
Noods for Dudes
2 Noods 1 Cup
Putting His Wet Noodle in my Mouth
A Noodle Big Enough to Share

You’ve pasta the test!
I don’t have guilty pleasures, I have pasta-pleasures
Could you pasta sauce please?
Pasta-bilities are everywhere
The police solved the case of the missing marinara sauce when they caught the pasta thief red-handed
Oh! You must pasta shephen to me
I’m recording this for pasta-terity
The pasta meal was tortellini amazing
Hope you gnocchi how great this pasta is
This dish is so good, it’s pre-pasta-rous
All pasta names should be recorded for pasta-terity
This bowl of spaghetti is pasta-tively amazing
[Pesto] This is my idea of going green
Absolutely, pasta-tively
Eating green sauce as a side with pasta is the pesto way to enjoy it
When someone cries over a bowl of vegetarian spaghetti, it becomes a meat bawl
You’re pasta-tively awesome
If the Terminator would be Italian, he would say, “Pasta la vista, baby”
Mission Impastable
That spider was creeping pasta and she didn’t even see it!
The ultimate goal of every human being should be exploring pasta-bilities to make the life yummilicious
Here’s a penne for your thoughts
I used here are to spend most of my time around pasta hotel
Pasta than a bolt of lightning
I’m feeling a little saucy today
I cut all my pasta in half before eating them to cut some carbs
I really need to pasta-pone our get together as I have some significant work to wrap up urgently
When it comes to moving on bed, my sexy girl is pasta than anything else
I went pasta nice play area on my way here today
Yesterday, he drank so much that he pasta right away
An impasta usually makes a dish of faked ziti
A superb food, tortellini merely amazing!
How pre-pasta-rous
If you eat pasta from the dark side of the town, it should be called spaghetto
We’ve tried all of the pasta-bilities
I wouldn’t put it pasta
I walked straight pasta restaurant without realising!
Most pasta makers follow in his family’s footsteps because the apple doesn’t farfalle from the tree
It’s all for pasta-terity
Shift your energy to pasta-bilities
I think! He pasta way
Extremly apologize, I know your birthday gift is pasta pending
Come and spaghet it
We went pasta big roundabout, then all of a sudden, we were lost
I know you have gone through a turbulent phase Don’t worry, this too will pasta!
You can hide from me but you cannot get pasta away from me
Pasta la vista, baby
Life is about exploring pasta-bilities
Raviolis never get invited to hang out because they are a little square
There are uncountable pasta-bilities!
It’s way pasta bed time
Which type of pasta had the potency to endow wishes? Fettugenie
Life is all about eating delectable pasta, one meal at a time Rest is either passing or wasting the time
I pasta-p extra TV time because I wanted to play outside
Hope you gnocchi how wonderful you are
This burger is so yuck without sauce Can you pasta green sauce please?
A pasta lover’s favorite song is ‘Come and spaghet it’ by Selena Gomez
Overcome your im-past!
That delicious pre-pasta-rous, one of my favourite dishes
This meal is, like, tortellini awesome
I cannoli shake my head and admire this amazing bowl of pasta
You performed well now, as compared to pasta
The pasta-bilities are endless
What do you call the science of pasta analysis? Gnocchilogy
I cannoli shake my head and marvel at how fantastic you are
It’s saucy kinda a day
At haunted pasta houses, they usually serve fettuccini afraido
Penne for your thoughts
My idea of the entire day meal is quite simple: pasta-fast, pasta-unch, and past-inner As simple as that
I would like you to see how much olive you
A pasta dish made with both alfredo and marinara sauce is the pasta of both worlds
